---
title: "Links of weight and muscularity teasing with eating disorder symptomatology, eating-related psychosocial impairment, and intuitive eating in Chinese men: Teasing directions and combinations matter."
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2024-12-03-Links
excerpt: 'He, J*., Chen, X*., Hu, S., Burke, N.L., Barnhart, W.R., Nagata, J.M., & Chen, C. (2024)'
date: 2024-11-13
venue: 'Body Image.'
slidesurl: #'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides2.pdf'
paperurl: #'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper2.pdf'
citation: #'Your Name, You. (2010). &quot;Paper Title Number 2.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(2).'
---

**Abstract**
Empirical evidence, based on variable-centered approaches (e.g., correlation and regression analyses), supports robust links between weight and muscularity teasing and eating variables in men. However, limited research has considered the directions (i.e., high and low) of teasing or their combinations via person-centered approaches (e.g., latent class analysis). Thus, this study explored the relationships between four types of teasing (i.e., teasing for high weight, low weight, high muscularity, and low muscularity) and eating variables in 596 Chinese adult men using variable and person-centered approaches. Independent t-tests and regression analyses revealed that four types of teasing had unique associations with eating disorder (ED) symptomatology, eating-related psychosocial impairment, and intuitive eating. Latent class analysis identified four distinct teasing classes, including High Weight-Low Muscularity, Low Weight-Low Muscularity, Low Teasing, and High Weight-High Muscularity. Notably, individuals in the Low Teasing group consistently showed the lowest ED symptomatology and psychosocial impairment and the highest intuitive eating. Individuals in the High Weight-High Muscularity group exhibited the highest traditional ED symptomatology and the most severe psychosocial impairment. The findings highlight the importance of future research considering teasing directions and tailored interventions for adult men in certain subgroups at risk of eating disorder psychopathology (e.g., the High Weight-High Muscularity teasing group).

For more information, please visit https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1740144524001335.
